# Utilizing machine learning to predict the flight price from JFK(NY) to PVG(SHA) on Thanksgiving.

Abstract
With the scope of modern technology, I attempt to figure out how to predict the the flight price from JFK(NY) to PVG(SHA) on Thanksgiving, taking the advantage of the developing machine learning algorithms and models to train data by using recurrent neural networks and deep learning. In the end, the paper expects to provide methods for further improving our purchasing scale and saving our purchasing expenses.

Background and Significance
    There are many reasons to believe the machine learning is a very important subject, even though we are still working on improving the Deep learning and Neural Networks. When we meet some unknown issues, we will follow our experiences to find the patterns. Making the computer possible to implement much more sophisticated executions is on the track to the computer simulate human thinking, experiences induction and logical reasoning. The prediction is the best provident approach to realize the objective patterns to direct and change our life, as human do. Accompanying with rapid, it not only symbolizes the progress of our world, but also represents the development in the field of technology. Creating more machine leaning applications could trump all other concerns in generating job opportunities and voting for new presidents. The scientists all concern how to create a better and safer life for humans especially for the disabled people, and decrease the death in accidents by prediction in machine learning. 
Background:  How to train a machine to constantly acquiring knowledge and thinking just like us? As we all know, the computer is designed to follow humans’ instructions and give the pre-set responses. It seems weird if the machine doesn’t accept the commands instead of the input data. But that is the new method how the computer works, which is a revolution to simulate human thinking and establish the models to execute the problems. Through analyzing huge chunks of data , the computer approaches the machine learning (representation, evaluation, and Optimization) to predict[1].
